welcome to the final destination the
fourth installment in the series let's
get to it
we opened on our primary group Nick hunt
Lorie and Janet for college co-eds
taking a study break by casually
spectating a NASCAR race the way no one
ever does like all the other movies they
have some sort of direct contact with
everyone that will play a role in the
plot great what did I dismiss they
turned left got a broad [ __ ] hey you
earned that all of these details of
course lead to a disaster of epic
proportions revealing April evidence
that this movie was both released in the
era of just slam there's some CGI on it
and sheep 3d effects played for shock
value as a variety of detritus and
disembodied parts fly at us this was
according to formula a wakingdream Nick
begins to quickly unravel the science
and since this is a final destination
movie makes a scene and causes a huge
commotion on the way out bringing us our
unlucky group of doomed individuals some
apparently more doomed and others this
leads to a brief coffee-shop moment
dedicated to unpacking their emotional
package which then leads to none other
than a victim's memorial at the speedway
a slight change in this version is that
some people consider Nick a hero for his
actions while others still hold him
responsible for not doing more that
night nick has full of substandard cgi
effects no in this installment devoid of
any traces of Toni Todd's spiritual
guidance were amateur photographers the
plot is completely driven by Nick's
visions he provides a premonition of our
racist tow truck driver amping his death
metal 2:11 as he prepares to partake in
his favorite pastime racist activities
it seems he needs more practice though
[Applause]
the next to get it is a mom who put
tampons and her kids ears back at the
race we get a fairly long sequence of
circumstances leading to her death and
what feels like a real time visit to the
stylist do we really need to work the
toes this long a multitude of dangerous
accidents occur around her as she skips
through unscathed only to be taken out
by a rock to the eye which brings us
back to our main group working out the
details of what's happening weird is
putting tampons in your kids ears that's
actually why we asked you guys to come
over tampons like the last movie a
simple google search leads them to
flight 180 allowing them to discover a
rough outline of the rules and move the
plot forward a little Nick that has a
vision I think we can stop it how steel
rope of course they passed by a fence
that begs for someone to get pushed
through it and try to convince the
mechanic of his impending danger he
remains unconvinced though being
surrounded by dangerous equipment at all
times when that equipment then shows an
intent to kill him he becomes convinced
but just a moment too late as his back
gets turned into stew beef now in a race
against the clock George and Laurie go
to save Janet while Nick seeks out hunt
this adventurous pair are somehow able
to triangulate the most probable car
wash location the vicinity of where they
expect Janet to be and blindly drive in
through the wrong end
luckily they picked correctly and at the
right time because this was happening
and they're able to stop but fortunately
for Nick he only manages to show up
right his hunts insides are getting
pulled to his outside at the bottom of
the pool at least he died doing what he
loves nick has a quick vision right
before the TV tells them that rescue
workers pulled another survivor from the
rubble this somehow has death order
sequence implications meaning the whole
thing is still on so he and George race
to save the fresh survivor from being
next they fail and then George is
dispatched in short order my god Nick
races to save the girls who were
enjoying a 3d movie as do we all
Janet unable to continue on chooses to
stay behind after all
this move and then she explodes on the
way out the resulting destruction
reveals the meat-grinder internal
workings of the escalator which two
lorry up unapologetically riders were on
the verge of climax we find out that
this is one of Nick's more detailed non
CGI dreams something we don't typically
see outside of the opener as they then
restart the cycle he manages to avert
the mall explosion two weeks later the
group finds themselves back at the
coffee shop where it seems as though
death has been averted until that is
Nick begins to notice an abundance of
signs what if we didn't change anything
what if us being here was the plan from
the beginning Ben by my calculations
you're screwed
what did you miss honestly there's not
much to add on these the film's each
play out in about the same way it's
mostly just a matter of how they choose
to advance the plot I hope you enjoyed
the video thank you for watching
[Music]